Mastering Sounds - Flap T phrases:
It’s a nice city. It is a pretty city.
I noticed your daddy won a medal made of metal.
That little article you’re reading looks exciting.
We talked about thirty different matters at the meeting.
The floor was dirty after the party. John turned forty.
That plant needs a little bit of water.
Her daughter got settled in Seattle, and now she seems better.

Mastering Sounds - The "a" sound Part 1 phrases:
The cat ran fast.
I run, he ran, we run, they ran…
I’ve swum a lot lately, she swam fast yesterday.
I laugh at the bat.
The man has big hands.
Put your hand on your pants.
I’m a big fan of the Cat in the Hat.
Half the team ran fast, the other half ran slowly.
The bank looks different from this angle.
My uncle’s ankle is swollen.
Ask the man where the backpack is.
We heard a bang.
The band is great.
He sang.
Thank him for hanging the clothes.
That narrow arrow went into the apple.
Did you hang your coat? Yeah, I hung it.

Mastering Sounds - The B sound phrases:
Bob saw a bumblebee on the doorknob.
The baby likes to look at the bubblegum.
Just rub and rub and rub until it comes off.
There was a bug in Bob’s cab.
There was a baby boom between 1946 and 1964.
The baby was babbling in his crib.
Stop mumbling and speak clearly!
The guy was drunk and mumbling.

Mastering Sounds - The zh sound phrases:
This might cause some confusion.
He is from Asia, so therefore he is Asian.
I like to read in my leisure time.
I went to Germany for leisure, not for business.
They found a treasure.
I work in this division of the company.
She completely lost her composure.
Kids need supervision.
It’s a casual dinner so I’m gonna wear casual clothes.
A Caucasian male was seen with an African American female entering the parking lot.
On television they often give a different version of the facts.
In conclusion, I wouldn't do it.
That was an unusual explosion.
Exposure to flashing lights can trigger seizures.
The conversion rate of this website is 2%.
Let's envision a bright future for ourselves and our families.

Connecting Words in Speech (Donchu/Doncha) phrases:
You like this, don’t you?
You wanna go, don’t you?
You forgot, didn’t you?
You ate my slice of pizza, didn’t you?
You’ll do it, won’t you?
Won’t you come with us?
Nice to meet you.
Pleasure to meet you.
I’ll meet you guys there.
Why couldn’t you?
Couldn’t you do it? That’s weird.
Can’t you just forget about it?
Can’t you read it from there?
Wouldn’t you wanna buy it if you could?
Wouldn't you wanna do it?
I’ve got you – I’ve gotchu - Got ya! - Gotcha!
Now I get you.
We don’t get you.
Shouldn’t you leave now?
Shouldn’t you buy another one?
What are ya doin’? Whatcha doin'?
What are ya talking about? Whatcha talking about?
You betcha!
What are ya gonna do? Whatcha gonna do?

Mastering Sounds - The "i" sound as in ice:
The spider is walking on ice at night.
That guy ate the pie.
He had a stye on his eye.
Would you like window or aisle? An aisle seat please.
The Teide on the Canary Island, Tenerife, is the highest mountain in Spain.
The height is 3,715 meters.

Mastering Sounds - The F sound:
The rock fell off the cliff.
For recording it’s enough to use a phone.
Half of the people didn’t know about it.
It was split in two halves.
He often follows the script.
The title of the book.
He has taken a great burden off my shoulders.
Turn off the sound of the computer.

Mastering Sounds - The M sound:
We went there last summer.
She combed her hair. Did you comb your hair?
This is a really tall palm tree, isn’t it?
You need your thumbs for climbing.
I like salmon.

Mastering Sounds - Stop T:
I lost the button.
Can you button up my dress?
The fountain is beautiful.
The button fell in the water.
This is made of cotton.
The kitten is a little fat.
This book was written in 1876.
Kate is from Britain.
